Template for new Docs pages (#1986)
knative/docs: contributing/new-page-template.md

---
# This section is called the "frontmatter" for your page

> title: "Title For Your Page" # Use title case for titles

Reviewer: Should be sentence capitalization for all titles and sections

#linkTitle: "Link For This Page in the Sidebar"
# The linkTitle field (above) is optional; use it to provide a shorter link if your page title is very long

> weight: 01 # This affects the placement of the link in the sidebar on the left. Pages are ordered from top to bottom by weight.

Reviewer: Should start and go by 10s to allow insertion of future topics. Maybe also clarify that these are relative to the weight of other files?

type: "docs" # You won't need to update this.
aliases:
  - # Has the page ever moved? If yes, include the prior location here, starting with /docs/, and the old URL will redirect to the new location. For a new page, there should be no aliases.
---

This guide shows you how to do something very cool. Make sure to include
a value proposition for the user: for example, this guide shows you how to do X,
which is useful for doing Y and Z. Make sure you answer the questions "what does
this guide show you how to do?" and "why would someone want to do this?".

## Before you begin

You need:

- A Kubernetes cluster with [Knative installed](../install/README.md). <!-- Update this relative link as needed,
depending on where the new page is located in the file structure. -->
- Anything else?

## Break steps into logical sections

Avoid nesting headings directly on top of each other with no text inbetween.

> 1. Use ordered lists for steps.

Reviewer: Include a nested code example and highlight the importance of using spaces for Indentation (not tabs)

---
# This section is called the "frontmatter" for your page
title: "Title for your page" # Use sentence case for titles
#linkTitle: "Link for this page in the sidebar"
# The linkTitle field (above) is optional; use it to provide a shorter link if your page title is very long
weight: 10 # This affects the placement of the link in the sidebar on the left. Pages are ordered from top to bottom by weight, lowest to highest.
type: "docs" # You won't need to update this.

> aliases:

Reviewer: also indicate that its optional
```suggestion
#aliases:
```

>   - # Has the page ever moved? If yes, include the prior location here, starting with /docs/, and the old URL will redirect to the new location. For a new page, there should be no aliases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  - /docs/example/redirect/moved-renamed-page
#  - /docs/another-example
# Has the page ever moved? If yes, include the prior location above, starting with path from the site root (for example /docs/, /blog/, or /community/). The old URL will redirect to this new file. For a new pages, "aliases" are not required.
```
